<h1> The Bot Management Folder </h1>

<h2> Files </h2>

<h3> BM.py </h3>
  The file BM.py represents the control logic for the Bot Management. Each time a match is requested, the sandbox plays 2 matches, once with the current player as player1 and once otherwise. The code is run with 4 command line arguments:
  
  * Bot1 extension
  * Bot2 extension
  * Log filename suffix
  * Swap (True/False)
  
  An example of the third parameter is: 14v31, which results in a log file named `log14v31` as well as an error file named `error14v31`.
  
<h3> process.py </h3>
  Bot management makes extensive use of Popen objects, signal handling, and piping data to and from processes. This file defines a process class which abstracts away all lower level code, so as to ensure concise logic in the BM.py file.
  
<h3> BMLimits.py </h3>
  Stores user defined time limits, process limits and buffer limits for use in other files.
  
<h3> validate.py </h3>
  This file houses the code necessary to interface between BM.py and the validation. It also contains necessary constants which define the logging conventions for the BM.

<h2> Constants </h2>
A list of constants influence the behaviour of the BM.

  * **P1** - Located in validate.py, it defines the string representation for player1.
  * **P2** - Located in validate.py, it defines the string representation for player2.
  * **logdir** - Located in \_\_init\_\_.py, it provides the base folder where the generated logfiles will be kept.
  * **botsdir** - Located in \_\_init\_\_.py, it provides the base folder where the executables will be searched for.
  * **err_codes** - Not an actual constant, but a set of constants defined in the validate.py file, and define the return codes for the BM. eg P1_WIN, P2_WIN.
  * **ITER_MAX** - Located in validate.py, this constant limits the number of iterations the match lasts till.
  * **MAX_BUFFER_LIMIT** - Located in BMLimits.py, this constant specifies the maximum number of characters to be read by readline(), if the bot is dumping larger strings to stdout.
  * **TIME_LIMITS** - Located in BMLimits.py, this dictionary maps the set time limits for a language, to the file extension of bots in that particular language.
  * **RESOURCE_LIMITS** - Located in BMLimit.py, this dictionary provides the resource limits, which `prlimits` will use corresponding to a particular language.

<h2> Validation Convention </h2>
The validation code must conform to certain conventions:

<h3> Input/Output </h3>
The input provided to the validation will be an ASCII string, `cin` or `getline` may be used (in case of cpp based validation).
When linked with the BM, the validation must not output any debug messages of any sort. Further any output generated by be followed up by '\n' or `endl`.

<h3> Valid move </h3>
If the move is found to be valid, the code must first output: "VALID", followed by the flipped move string.

<h3> Win condition </h3>
If a bot has won, the code must first output: "WIN", followed by:

  * The move resulting in the win.
  * The winner's string representation. eg 1 for player1, 0 for player2.
  * Reason for declaring victory.

<h3> Draw condition </h3>
If a draw is detected, the code must first output: "DRAW", followed by the move causing the draw and the turn successively.

<h3> Invalid move </h3>
In this case, the code must output the reason for declaring the move to be invalid.
